📝 Add related frameworks and guides for some services (#2121)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/configuration/services/elasticsearch.md

See the [Elasticsearch documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/index.html) for more information.

{{% frameworks %}}

- [Drupal](../../guides/drupal9/elasticsearch.md)
- [Jakarta EE](../../frameworks/jakarta.md#elasticsearch)
- [Micronaut](../../guides/micronaut/elasticsearch.md)
- [Quarkus](../../guides/quarkus/elasticsearch.md)
- [Spring](../../guides/spring/elasticsearch.md)

> {{% /frameworks %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{{% /frameworks %}}
```

It seems easier to delineate this way. If you like it, I'd apply it to all of them. Not really a breaking issue either way though. :shrug:

Elasticsearch 7.9 isn't available in the EU-1 and US-1 regions.
Consider [region migration](../../guides/general/region-migration.md) if your project is in those regions.

> ## Use a framework

Reviewer: Can you describe why you don't have this as the first section? I'm not disagreeing with it, just trying to understand it. I'd worry it might get lost, but hearing the other perspective would be useful.

> If you use one of the frameworks, follow the guide there:

Reviewer: As we discussed, I'd try to avoid the "there". Something like this might work (though feel free to adjust):
```suggestion
If you use one of the following frameworks, follow its guide:
```

Also, I'd note that since you're using the same language in each file, it might make sense to have it be a shortcode. The specific list could be the inner content.

It would make it easier to change the language in all of them, and it should be changed in each.

> - [Drupal 9](../../guides/drupal9/elasticsearch.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Drupal](../../guides/drupal9/elasticsearch.md)
```

It should also apply to 8, as far as I know, and given the approaching end of life, I wouldn't worry about 7.

- [Micronaut](../../guides/micronaut/elasticsearch.md)
- [Quarkus](../../guides/quarkus/elasticsearch.md)

> - [Jakarta EE](../../frameworks/jakarta.md#elasticsearch)

Reviewer: I'd keep alphabetical order. Or, I'm not sure why Jakarta is here in the order?

Similarly with the other instances below.

- [Spring](../../guides/spring/elasticsearch.md)

> For more implementation ideas, consult our [templates](../../development/templates.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more implementation ideas, consult a [template](../../development/templates.md).
```

As Vale suggested, I'd avoid "our"
